Okay,
let's start adding in some simple calculations there.
The first thing we want to know is how long did we have full inch.
So I'm just going to type the head in there off lunch.
Andi,
subtract in time is is very straightforward.
Exercise and excel.
So what we're gonna do,
is it equals?
Tell Excel.
It's a formula.
We're gonna look at what time we started back in the afternoon,
and we're going to subtract what time we finished in the morning and hit.
Enter.
So they go.
You can see very quickly that we had 30 minutes for lunch,
and I'm just going to copy that formula down.
That's nice and easy.
We worked out what we have one we had for lunch,
That's where cut how many hours we worked in the morning on and how many hours we worked.
I really wish I could type how many hours we worked in the afternoon on bond.
What were total there was for the day.
Okay.
On again,
just that straightforward calculations.
We're gonna work out what time we finished in the morning.
We're going to subtract what time we started in the morning.
It ends actually go.
We were three hours in the morning.
Let's just use the drag handle.
Double click,
and they can see all of them.
A MLS PM Eris is exactly the same,
but we're gonna look at what time we finished in the afternoon on.
We're going to subtract what time we started in the afternoon.
Hit and they go.
We worked 4.5 hours to walk.
Click to copy that down.
It looks like we need to take lunch a little later in the day to split it up.
Message on there.
We're gonna do the total hours.
Now,
you may think that this is a simple as subtracting from your finish time.
Your start time groups hit Enter.
But you can see that that that saves.
We actually worked eight hours a day because we had often there will lunch.
We actually worked 7.5.
So what we need to do is utilized.
Am There was a PM hours.
So what we're gonna do is say in the morning.
We worked three hours on in the afternoon.
We worked for 1/2.
So we're just gonna add those two together hit ends at Diego.
That's a true reflection of the hours that we worked.
Okay,
so now we can see we have 1/2 hour lunch,
which was calculated.
We've worked out how many hours we worked in the morning by subtracting our started time
from El Fringe time.
Same in the afternoon.
And then we ended our am errors and PML was together to work out total hours.
What?
Okay.
And the next lecture?
We're gonna have a look at some more useful calculations using time.
So you in the next lecture.